# Tables


<table><thead><tr><th>Date</th><th>Changes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>April, 2025</td><td><p>New methods were added:</p><ul><li>JazzCash (Pakistan) - GAPI payment method</li><li>Interac (Canada) - MAPI payout method</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>March, 2025</td><td><p>API callback messages are now sent with the status <code>actionRequired</code> in case of additional processing/checking period by the bank. For the status <code>actionRequired</code> are now sent action.type and action.details as well. </p><p></p><p>The generating and checking message token process has changed due to a new structure of API callback message.<br><br>New methods were added:</p><ul><li>Netbanking (India) - MAPI payout</li><li>PayID - MAPI payout / GAPI payout</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>February, 2025</td><td><p>For the <strong>applepay</strong> payment method, the following parameters are now <strong>required</strong>:<br><em>session.order.customer.personsData.country</em></p><p><em>session.order.customer.personsData.firstName</em></p><p><em>session.order.customer.personsData.lastName</em></p><p>in the <a href="./#openapispecification-facade-startpaymentsession">Start Payment Session</a> method.<br>- <em>customer.address.country</em> in the <a href="./#create-payment">Create Payment</a> method.</p></td></tr><tr><td>January, 2025</td><td><a href="./#create-payment">MAPI payment</a>: the max length of the <em>sessionContext.browserParameters.accept</em> parameter has been changed from 100 to 2000 symbols.</td></tr><tr><td>January, 2025</td><td><ol><li><em><strong>Upi</strong></em> payment method: the max length of the first name and last name parameters in the <a href="./#openapispecification-facade-startpaymentsession">Start Payment Session</a> and <a href="./#create-payment">Create Payment</a> methods is now <strong>40</strong>.</li><li>Every <a href="./#openapispecification-facade-getstatus">Get Payment Status</a> response now includes the <em>session.payment.amount</em> parameter, regardless of the current payment status.</li><li>New payment/payout status, <code>cancelledByCustomer</code> , has been added to <a href="./#openapispecification-facade-operationstatuses">Operation statuses</a>. The status means that a customer declined the payment or payout attempt and returned to the merchant page.</li></ol></td></tr></tbody></table>
